mobile phone data with the exact same
As a result, we want the same latest and latest on the phone and the EHC
Have calendar entries
in this session we will deal with the reconciliation respectively
Synchronization of the calendar
So let's start with a backup of them
in the program lines from file backup copies of GK go
given the attendance and location are okay we go up
to back up
in the menu bar at the top right we can click on the Cloud UEC icon
see if in Tucson is
assuming we have one in the system settings for blood USD
Hook bars 2 state set in the truck ads
let's start with the calendar first
a look at the calendar shows in fact distanced two dates from the calendar
Timetable of the train has been downloaded from the internet title also Arthur time
and find a note about the appointments will be unfolded windows
on the Lucky a 61 31 this entry looks like this
above the period from 17 o'clock 1 to 17 21 afterwards offered subtitles
changes on the mobile phone calendar we race an early connection and change
only the time on the phone the new entry refers to the period
from 15h 56 to 16h 17 then place and title follows
Now we want to update this to e-card
we put the cellphone on Gentoo is an all devices visible
we open the program reads are a click on the mobile to Boll
opens a window we remove the hard ball contacts we want
just update the calendar
finally we come across devices are one
it opens up a pathway
here is a calendar entry on the Mac is changed
for details go to details and click
the current application emphasized previously shown in black letters the
Title and the falls name in blue letters are the contents of which
be changed
Let's look at the entries after the change
we click on the button after that is the result of the result click here
Synchronize on calendar which syncs and runs the appointment
In fact, View is shifting from 17h to 1 also
Neustadter 15 56
a double-click on the appointment will open the window with the details we
find here the title place start and end time as well as a child
the note does not get deleted or changed when matching with Gaikai
because this field on the nokia phone does not exist
next time how to time the entries from the address book between mobile phone
and Mac matches or protest